Description of code files for clarity and reproducibility:
- code/modeling_and_evaluation.ipynb: This notebook gets the embeddings (3 different types of pre-trained embeddings) and trains a Ridge regression model for each (for both Subject 2 and Subject 3). It conducts a hyperparameter search over various values of alpha (regularization parameter) and gets the best model. It also conducts a more detailed evaluation to view the distribution of CC across voxels and conducts stability analysis across subjects. This notebook generates the visualizations for the CC distributions.
- code/modeling_with_encoder_embedding.ipynb: This notebook gets embeddings from the BERT-style encoder and trains a Ridge regression model using it. It conducts a hyperparameter search over various values of alpha (regularization parameter) and gets the best model. It also conducts a more detailed evaluation to view the distribution of CC across voxels and conducts stability analysis across subjects. This notebook generates the visualizations for the CC distributions.
- code/word_embeddings.py: This file contains the components for getting all the 3 types of embeddings (BoW, Word2Vec, and GloVe)
- code/EDA folder: This folder contains the EDA notebooks and a README file detailing the files in the folder.
- code/BERT folder: This folder contains the BERT-style encoder code and a README file detailing the files in the folder.
- code/interpretation folder: This folder contains the notebooks for interpreting the model's predictions using SHAP and LIME.
- code/finetune_bert_utils.py: This file contains the components for finetuning the BERT-style encoder on the story-level data.
- code/pretrained_bert_ridge.ipynb: This notebook for training a Ridge regression model using the pre-trained BERT-style encoder.
- code/pretrained_bert_lora.ipynb: This notebook for finetuning the pre-trained BERT-style encoder using LoRA.